alright in this scene I'm nappa from
dragon ball z pajita where's the scouter
say about his power level oh yeah
internet kid morning my name is man can
work on the pokemon omega ruby sapphire
Wi-Fi battle little big cut my anaconda
don't want none unless you little cup
son and by anaconda i was ending penis
so i got scraggy Grimer shell neurosis
my parts got Paris Merrill lotad
Chimchar nosepass and crabby again a
little big tub cuz i asked world cup
games and my opponents come and they go
oh yeah my pokemon aren't level 5 so i'm
stuck with level 50 little cup little
big cup you're welcome Sony for all the
in inverness I'll be expecting a check
in the mail soon you can just make it
out to me so I this I'm kind of afraid
of what he's got like you got a lot of
power in that parasite man Chimchar that
party could cause some issues for me but
I think Grimer will be able to eat up
the gym char pretty much and take out
the Merrill's so that'll be nice he
leaves with taxes that's his crabby and
I leave its craggy and that's a rhymes
of crabby and we're all sorts of fun
right now crazy times he goes in the
mail gonna take the drain punch that I'm
gonna throw out of me that's obviously
gonna happen and it does almost half
life orb scraggy is the one I don't want
to take a play rough you know I think he
just got a probably not do that anyway
but I gonna grammar the one surefire way
to take this thing out next to a
superpower that's a joke Grimer has no
gripes about taking that moving the
slightest he's gonna obviously want to
get out of there why's he gonna want
husband I'll die I think a straight
power he does go into this thing knows
past a little damage hoping for a poison
nah son ain't gonna happen he is or I'm
gonna get out of there go back in this
way i don't know maybe any mrs. stone is
nice i fire up and drain punch one two
three baby count to look at me it's a
idea I hate pop music I don't know huh
that it gets dazzling gleam oh my god I
have no idea fire the lasers everywhere
sound the alarm I don't know that that
Lee so going into Merrill I'm taking me
taking another drink on did a lot last
time gonna do a lot again this time I'm
gonna get somebody back and lose some of
the life for but no I mean Aquajet
arranged
wanna be and now he just got that Sitrus
berry so yay I don't want taken off but
you had really don't take in oxygen so
I'll go back in the grammar the one
thing Grimer the answer to all of my my
problems something will never hear ever
is that Grimer is now countering merrill
he just gave me I I thought he's gonna
switch but I thought about for a long
time thing I'm just gonna fire poison
jab and that's gonna be the end of
merrells existence in this Wi-Fi battle
going to god it's weird side the resin
taking the feeling low tax that name has
probably got to be changed surfing in a
new to me how about you know what
let's just go for another yep poison GF
sounds fantastic Grimer getting ready
you remember guys i got a kill from all
challenge always live is anything i
gotta kill any Pokemon here you can
check my on the website that I'm rolling
with and I'm trying to kill every single
Pokemon in a Wi-Fi game grandma goes
down that's okay he got rid of Merrill
got rid of low Ted we are all good then
we go on a shelter now we've seen this
shelter before is a scarf feller thank
you for pay attention i appreciated
mucho wats high school spirit it's not
gonna do live in this crap music no no
if you thought it was gonna do a lot
while you haven't been paying attention
because shelter has done us grand total
than nothing and most of my game so but
i want to keep shoulder around I feel
like it's gonna be useful later on so I
want to GU me something I think and
sponge up these hits he goes for enough
pop that didn't sponge up the hip did it
no no I did not Sitrus berry goes down
going into scraggy of my own or not he
does he's probably locked in a knock off
at that point I had been a lot of damage
it was no worst Mon worse take the drink
when sketch gonna do more damage my
thought and I'm gonna continuously try
to keep getting me HP back little by
little even though I'm life or but he
finally printers and I'll go for a
crunch thing it's a guy take out the
Paris right oh oh it does worst month up
to his name Paris goes down scraggy gets
himself some nice needed kill points and
the drain punch it's gonna fire one of
those off and that's gonna do so much to
describe so good poopy pants I Mike to
imagine scraggy word holding up his
panty be even better but he's
handicapped by the fact he grew up in a
low-income housing it's not his fault
it's the way he is get him a belt get
afford one so tax is gonna gonna
taxes are crap I don't get assumed the
STD name will be there but the ice time
I go for rock blasting quits in
something that can resist my shoulder
which is no bueno but I'm thinking after
one more I can maybe take this thing out
it's gonna be close but hopefully can
the friend you pay off one two three
four there at all we take it out shell
they're taking out nosepass now we have
one pokemon left and that's gonna be
taxes his King flourish elder tell them
what you do taxes you take a dump bottom
because your the IRS i doesn't matter
about his tax turn you're gonna order
the shout of him open his mouth and
down his throat you welcome that visual
that's the video no it's not it's not a
video PS chimchar left never once there
was a video guess what guy line Chimchar
coming in here ever forgotten Chimchar
overheat that's adorable you think it
would kill me because shelter is on a
mission from God and by god again I mean
you know the the the the government cuz
he's auditing your taxes guys we're
pushing this joking on the ground he's
auditing taxes on people no
refund for you I'll see y'all next time
please
you